Allow `inspector/next-sibling` to go beyond the current page (#233)
clojure-emacs/orchard: CHANGELOG.md

## master (unreleased)

## Changes

> * `inspector/next-sibling`: can beyond the current page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#232](https://github.com/clojure-emacs/orchard/issues/232): Let`inspector/next-sibling` go beyond the current page, without possibly going out of bounds.
```
